I know what you did, you fool.
You think you can just lock someone in a bathroom like that?
I almost died because of you.
You're in deep shit.
I'm the Murphy-Eris.
My dad's a cajillion-air.
He's gonna smite you.
See?
You're Joey.
Come check this.
The Murphy-Eris is gonna beat down.
Where's my daughter?
I'm gonna kill whoever laid a hand on her.
Oh my god, is that George Murphy?
Yes, that's George Murphy.
Poor baby.
Where is your daddy?
I'm not my daughter.
I didn't know you were coming.
Selena.
You two-time gold digging whore.
First you sleep with the old fart and now with the grandpa.
She's definitely a floozy.
First with the assistant, now with the billionaire?
She has absolutely no shame.
So gross.
Disgusting.
You can just spread false rumors.
That's your comeuppance.
Little rat face.
What the hell do you think you're doing here?
Mr. Murphy, there is no way in hell I'm marrying her daughter.
She's a stuck-up rat and a boy.
Get her out of my vet.
You think you can talk about my daughter like that?
Dad, he's talking about Grace.
What?
No, he's talking about you.
No!
Her!
She's an imposter!
She's pretending to be your daughter.
Me.
That was George Murphy.
You're insulting.
I just wanted to let you.
That's George Murphy.
He says so.
Oh my god.
Wait.
I gotta get out of here.
Grace?
Grace.
You have to clear all of this up with your father.
Oh yeah, just a second.
I have to go to the bathroom.
No.
Me.
Go talk to him.
Oh, not right now.
Mr. Murphy.
Your daughter needs to speak to you.
Your daughter.
Hi, Dad.
Dad.
I'm not your fucking dad.
What the hell are you?
Yeah, bird brain.
He's only got one daughter and it's Selena.
What kind of daughter are you?
Done with yourself.
I can't believe it.
You know what you've done to both your mother and me too?
You need to remember where you came from.
Your parents are not billionaires.
We are a security guard and a maid.
Don't you forget that.
Oh my god.
Her father is a security guard.
I had a feeling she was an imposter.
Disgusting.
You shameless swimbler.
You actually thought that you could get away with pretending to be an heiress.
I knew at the moment I met you.
You had this broke girl loser energy to you.
I've been wasting our time with her.
Selena.
I haven't been thinking to say how sorry I am.
Yeah, Selena.
We actually really liked you all this time.
It was actually a race that was forcing us to mean to you.
Exactly.
It's all versus fault.
She manipulated us.
We're really sorry.
You believe us right?
You know, I absolutely love working for you.
Yeah.
Under one condition, you all need right now.
Oh, and one more thing.
You're all fired.
No, please.
You can't do that.
What?
No, please Nick, don't fire us.
You can fire them, but not me.
I'm much more important to the company.
No, you deserve much worse than that.
From the second you met me, you treated me like trash, all because you thought I was
poor.
That's no way to treat anyone at work, not even in the trade.
Security?
Let's get these ladies out of here.
Come on.
Let's go.
Yeah.
Mr. Branson, this is all my fault.
I'm very sorry.
How so?
I should not have allowed her into this event.
Please don't fire me.
Too late.
You fired.
No, wait.
What you did was wrong, but I'm not going to fire you for that.
However, you are being demoted, and you will no longer serve as head of my security.
Thank you, Mr. Branson.
Hey, where are you going?
I'm leaving.
You'll never have to see me again.
No.
No what?
That's not enough.
Like?
Right away, sir.
No.
You come and wheeze me by them.
Wait.
Where are you taking me?
Oh, in the door.
George, I want to sincerely apologize.
It was never.
My intention to actually cancel the engagement with Selena is a case of mistaken identities.
All right.
But know this.
If you ever mistreat my daughter's name again in the future, it won't be pretty.
Yes, sir.
What?
I knew it was you.
You knew I was a Murphy?
No, at the airport.
The men's bathroom.
You're still on about that?
Sorry, pal.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Pretty sure it was you.
I guess you'll never know.
I guess there's only one way to find out.
And how's that?
See, I knew it had worked out.
My contract is up today.
What do you mean?
Remember my three-month-long contract with my father?
Right.
So what does that mean?
So that today is my last day here.
Really?
Yep.
You're a senior designer.
We need you.
I know.
That's why I'm starting my own designer company.
You're happy about that.
But are we still on for our wedding next month?
I don't know.
I guess my schedule of CEO is going to be pretty busy.
Well, I guess I should reconsider letting you go.